good evening folks its Glenn the bowl
chef tonight I'm going to put together
my famous buffalo chicken wing recipe
so I want to use back at the restaurant
and we serve thousands and thousands of
these wings they taste delicious with
football season a bonus the great finger
food for the game for picnic or whatever
case you might have I'm going to show
you how to put this classic easy recipe
together in just a few steps so let me
show you how we do it typically when you
get your chicken wing you purchase it
from the store it's got three stages to
it the drum at the wing section and that
what I guess is like the chicken toe or
whatever it is that I cut right off
there then I find the joint and that
will produce the chicken wing and the
chicken Dramat and what we'll do is
we're going to put together order of
about 20 of these so I'll repeat this
process and prep up my chicken wings
okay I've now cut up my 20 chicken wings
into the drumettes into the wings
sections as you can see I've used one
night for that
and traditionally buffalo wings are
served with both celery and carrot
sticks which I've chopped up these
sticks using a completely different
cutting board and completely different
knife because I don't want any
cross-contamination then what I
typically do is I take my carrot sticks
and my celery sticks and I put them into
a water and ice bath just to basically
crisping the sticks up while I'm cooking
the wings and this this will just give
them a nice little snap and the next
step here is going to be to actually fry
the chicken wings off so we're going to
go to that next when it comes to chicken
wings you'll see a lot of people either
batter their chicken wings for the
buffalo wings or they just fry them but
you're kind of a little bit different
twist on that for an order of 20 I will
put in about a tablespoon of baking
powder
a teaspoon of crushed black pepper and
three-quarters of a tablespoon of just
regular sea salt and this basically coat
these wings up they're not really
battered but it basically gives them a
nice Christmas and then I usually look
just let these sit out for about 10-15
minutes so that I'm not filling them
into the hot oil ice cold and we'll just
let these sit out here fry sev about
about 10 minutes get the oil up and I'll
show you how to fry these off all right
now what you want to do is take about 3
cups of cooking oil and you're going to
put these chicken wings in here ah he
doesn't want to do it to make sure why
it took me a chicken wing stir these
around a little bit so they don't stick
together they don't stick to the bottom
literally coated in the oil once we have
these up the heat you have these sitting
out for about 10-15 minutes they're not
ice cold
and you see the oil really hasn't
stopped but we want to make sure that we
bring that oil back up the heat once we
have a boil back up to the high then we
want to cut it back to about medium-high
so that we thoroughly cooked the wings
throughout so you don't have rare
centers on them very very cake yet
cooking in a manner such that the
exterior of the wing is nice and
interesting what we're going to do now
is we're going to prep up the sauce for
the buffalo ways themselves need to
start out with about a tablespoon of
butter and this does make the wings just
give them a nice soft
taste to them now I mean there's a lot
of different hot sauces you can use you
can use Sorachi back the restaurant
people want to tell these wings aren't
hot enough I put some of this pier cap
which has 500 Scoville units in it and I
can just about knock somebody ad into
the lead with this stuff that we're
making this for probably normal guests
and what I like to use is just Franks
red hots
this is just a nice hop off and I put in
about tablespoons of that and give the
vodka in here now do that I like to add
some vinegar
let's see tablespoon we want to cook
that off so that we get rid of all the
the acidity in the vinegar and to this
mixture that that acidity is coming off
of the sauce we're going to give this
just the keys of cayenne just the back
got all that vinegar off and then what
we want to do is take these little Heinz
tomato ketchup and I'll put about three
tablespoons of that into the sauce throw
that around
something like that I'll hit it with a
the wings you can be thoroughly careful
and now with the force
you get your wings thoroughly coated up
I'll just you do then just play them up
okay we've got our buffalo wings all
plated up here we've got these served up
with some blue cheese dressing you could
also use ranch dressing whatever your
taste preference says we've served them
up with the traditional celebrated
carrot sticks and they're now ready to
serve you probably want to serve these
with a small plate so that the people
can put the wings onto the plate let's
take one of these wings out here give it
a try see how spicy it is nice crisp
wing not too spicy I think it's just
spot-on today the truth hits clean the
ball chef thanks for watching and as
always buon appetito